release-cloud: update steps according to the new nav pane (#21159)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/built-in-monitoring.md

## View the Metrics page

To view the metrics on the **Metrics** page, take the following steps:

> 1. In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://console.tidb.io/signup?provider_source=alicloud), navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://console.tidb.io/project/clusters) page of your project.

Author: ```suggestion
1. On the [**Clusters**](https://console.tidb.io/project/clusters) page of your project, click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
```
